Samples: Bluetooth: add peripheral sample for concurrent scanner and … (#19133)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_with_multiple_identities/README.rst

The sample is designed to:
#. Utilise a single physical device to emulate multiple Bluetooth advertisers.
#. Each advertiser is assigned a unique identity and a corresponding random static address, ensuring they can be distinctly identified.
#. Advertisers are restarted upon disconnection.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

Check and configure the following Kconfig options:

.. _CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX:

CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX
   This configuration defines how many identities will be used.

.. _CONFIG_BT_MAX_CONN:

CONFIG_BT_MAX_CONN
   This configuration defines how many connections which can be established.
   The sample expects this configuration to be set to the same value as **CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX**.

.. _CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_MAX_ADV_SET:

CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_MAX_ADV_SET
   This configuration defines how the number of advertising sets that are available.
   The sample expects this configuration to be set to the same value as **CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX**.

.. _CONFIG_BT_BUF_ACL_RX_COUNT:

CONFIG_BT_BUF_ACL_RX_COUNT
   This configuration defines the number of incomming ACL data buffers sent from controller to the host.

>    This value needs to be greater than **CONFIG_BT_MAX_CONN**.

Author: Ah that is what I thought, but I saw it was configured in the the scanning while connecting samples peripheral version so I copied it over. I can fix that.

> .. _CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME:

Reviewer: Can you change the Kconfig option name? Similar name has been used as a link target in another NCS doc, which breaks the doc build.

Author: Hi, thank you for all the feedback. I am unsure how to do this, I will ask around :)

Reviewer: As discussed offline, you can get rid of the whole Configuration options section. All options are available in the Kconfig reference docs.

CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME
   This configuration defines the base name given to each advertiser.

How it works

> ************

Reviewer: You might have these headings under the Overview. Try to follow the sample template as much as possible https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/templates/sample_README.html.

Setting up the advertisers
==========================

The sample application will setup and start as many advertisers as specified by **CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_MAX_ADV_SET**.
The :c:func:`setup_advertiser()` configures and initialises a connectable advertiser with a unique name and identity:

#. Identities are created with the API :c:func:`bt_id_create()`.
#. To assign a given identity to an advertiser, the field :c:member:`bt_le_adv_param.id` is set.
#. A unique name is then generated for each advertiser consiting of **CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME** value followed by the identity.
#. The APIs :c:func:`bt_le_ext_adv_create()` and :c:func:`bt_le_ext_adv_set_data()` will create the advertising set and set its advertising data, respectively.

> Each advertiser is setup as a connectable legacy advertiser but the extended advertising version of the API is used as it supports multiple advertising instances and sets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each advertiser is set up as a connectable legacy advertiser but the extended advertising version of the API is used as it supports multiple advertising instances and sets. 
```

> A work item is then initialized for each advertiser, in order to avoid race conditions and ensure that tasks are executed independently.
> Each work items handler function is set to :c:func:`start_connectable_advertiser()` which will start the advertiser associated with the work item.
> This is done by calling :c:func:`bt_le_ext_adv_start()`. Note: By default this function will not attempt to resume connectable advertising after a connection is established. 
> Each advertisers work item is then submitted to the workqueue to handle the starting of each advertiser asynchronously.
> The sample will then continue executing asynchronously using callbacks to define its behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A work item is initialized for each advertiser to avoid race conditions and ensure that tasks are executed independently.
Use the :c:func:`start_connectable_advertiser` function to start the advertiser associated with the work item and call :c:func:`bt_le_ext_adv_start`.
By default, this function does not attempt to resume connectable advertising after a connection is established. 
Each advertiser's work item is submitted to the work queue to handle the starting of each advertiser asynchronously.
The sample continues to execute asynchronously using callbacks to define its behavior.
```
I may have missed the point here. Should these be steps as well?

Connection callbacks
====================

> Two connection callbacks are then utilized (see :c:struct:`bt_conn_cb`):

Author: ```suggestion
Two connection callbacks are utilized (see :c:struct:`bt_conn_cb`):
```

> #. **Connected callback:** When a connection is established the sample will print the central's address. 
> #. **Disconnected callback:** When a disconnection occurs the central's address is printed along with the advertiser that was disconnected.
>    The identity associated with the connection is retrieved by calling :c:func:`bt_conn_get_info()` to obtain :c:member:`bt_conn_info.id`.
>    The work item (advertiser) associated with this identity is then submitted to the workqueue to restart the advertiser. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Connected callback:** When a connection is established the sample prints the central's address. 
* **Disconnected callback:** When a disconnection occurs, the central's address is printed along with the advertiser that was disconnected.
   The identity associated with the connection is retrieved by calling :c:func:`bt_conn_get_info()` to obtain :c:member:`bt_conn_info.id`.
   The work item (advertiser) associated with this identity is then submitted to the work queue to restart the advertiser. 
```

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/bluetooth/peripheral_with_multiple_identities`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

1. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|

> #. Start the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.

Author: Can mention in the scanner tab, similar to the Multiple advertising sets sample

   There should now be multiple devices advertising with the name ``Nordic multi adv id`` followed by the ID.

> #. Connect to the device and observe the central's address is printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Connect to the device and observe that the central's address is printed.
```

#. Disconnect from any device and observe that the correct advertiser is disconnected.

> #. The disconnected advertiser should then be restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The disconnected advertiser is restarted.
```
Is this a step (like Restart the disconnected advertiser) or something that happens as a result of the previous step? If it is the result, then maybe like I suggested.

Author: It is a result :) So I think you are right.

> Alternatively, this sample can be tested with the sample :ref:`bt_scanning_while_connecting`.
> That sample will connect to all the advertising identities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can test this sample using the :ref:`bt_scanning_while_connecting` sample.
It will connect to all advertising identities.
```
Incorrect sample link. Where do you want to link to?

Author: This sample has not been added yet. It will be added after the peripheral.

Reviewer: In that case, you need to leave the link out. A non-existing link target fails the doc build.

   Created Nordic multi adv id 0: 0x20007098
   Advertiser 0 successfully started
   New id: 1
   Using current id: 1
   Created Nordic multi adv id 1: 0x200070b0
   Advertiser 1 successfully started
   New id: 2
   Using current id: 2
   Created Nordic multi adv id 2: 0x200070c8
   Advertiser 2 successfully started
   New id: 3
   Using current id: 3
   Created Nordic multi adv id 3: 0x200070e0
   Advertiser 3 successfully started
   New id: 4
   Using current id: 4
   Created Nordic multi adv id 4: 0x200070f8
   Advertiser 4 successfully started
   New id: 5
   Using current id: 5
   Created Nordic multi adv id 5: 0x20007110
   Advertiser 5 successfully started
   New id: 6
   Using current id: 6
   Created Nordic multi adv id 6: 0x20007128
   Advertiser 6 successfully started
   New id: 7
   Using current id: 7
   Created Nordic multi adv id 7: 0x20007140
   Advertiser 7 successfully started
   New id: 8
   Using current id: 8
   Created Nordic multi adv id 8: 0x20007158
   Advertiser 8 successfully started
   New id: 9
   Using current id: 9
   Created Nordic multi adv id 9: 0x20007170
   Advertiser 9 successfully started

Extending the sample
********************

> 

Reviewer: You should have some sort of introductory text here. Something like: "To get more out of this sample you can add some features as listed below:" And the items below are should not be numbered steps, as they are not steps.

#. **Increase the number of advertisers:** Modify the configuration options listed above to support more advertisers.
#. **Customise individual advertisers:** :c:struct:`advertiser_info` can be extended to customise advertising parameters, advertising data and name for each advertiser.
#. **Custom advertising data:** The advertising data can easily be customised to include additional information, in addition to supporting scan responses.
#. **Reuse identities for multiple advertisers:** Once all identities have been initialized the sample supports reuse for other advertisers.

> #. **Advanced features:** The sample can be extended to implement other Bluetooth features or used in conjunction with other samples.

Author: Might need a dependencies section?

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Overview
********

Each Bluetooth® device is identified by its identity address.
When a peripheral is advertising, it uses this identity address or generates an address from this address using an Identity Resolving Key (IRK).
The sample application starts multiple connectable advertisers, each with their own identity, allowing a single device to advertise as multiple devices.

This sample has the following features:

* It uses a single physical device to emulate multiple Bluetooth advertisers.
* Each advertiser is assigned a unique identity and a corresponding random static address, ensuring they can be distinctly identified.
* Advertisers are restarted upon disconnection.

Number of advertisers
=====================

The sample sets up and starts as many advertisers as specified by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_MAX_ADV_SET` Kconfig option.
If the values specified in the configurations are not equal, additional considerations are required to ensure proper setup and restarting of each advertiser.

Creating multiple identities
============================

> The :c:func:`create_id` function configures a new identity by passing an identity value within the range ``0`` to the value set in the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX` Kconfig option.

Author: Hi, thank you for the feedback. I am unsure how to do this? Is there any sample that does something along these lines that I can look at?

> The :c:func:`create_id` function configures a new identity by passing an identity value within the range ``0`` to the value set in the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 2: For example, the AT monitor sample mentions about the AT_MONITOR macro, which is documented in the corresponding AT monitor library - https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/libraries/modem/at_monitor.html#api_documentation.

> The :c:func:`create_id` function configures a new identity by passing an identity value within the range ``0`` to the value set in the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 3: Maybe this can be handled in a followup-PR? Then we don't have to run the entire CI plan again

  The work item (advertiser) associated with this identity is submitted to the work queue to restart the advertiser.
  The identity is used as the index to retrieve the associated advertiser from the array.

Extending the sample
====================

You can also add the following features to this sample:

* Increase the number of advertisers - Modify the configuration options listed above to support more advertisers.
* Customize individual advertisers - Extend the :c:struct:`advertiser_info` structure to customize advertising parameters, advertising data, and a name for each advertiser.
* Custom advertising data - Customize the advertising data to include additional information, in addition to supporting scan responses.
* Reuse identities for multiple advertisers - Once all identities have been initialized, the sample supports reuse for other advertisers.
* Advanced features - Extend the sample to implement other Bluetooth features or use it in conjunction with other samples.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

> 

Reviewer: As these are not sample-specific Kconfigs, you can leave out this heading.

Check and configure the following Kconfig options:

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX` defines how many identities will be used.
> 
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MAX_CONN` defines how many connections can be established.
>    The sample expects this configuration to be set to the same value as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX`.
> 
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_MAX_ADV_SET` defines the maximum number of advertising sets available.
>    The sample expects this configuration to be set to the same value as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX`.
> 
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME` defines the base name given to each advertiser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX` defines how many identities will be used.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MAX_CONN` defines how many connections can be established.
  The sample expects this configuration to be set to the same value as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX`.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_MAX_ADV_SET` defines the maximum number of advertising sets available.
  The sample expects this configuration to be set to the same value as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX`.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME` defines the base name given to each advertiser.
```

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Overview
********

Each Bluetooth® device is identified by its identity address.
When a peripheral is advertising, it uses this identity address or generates an address from this address using an Identity Resolving Key (IRK).
The sample application starts multiple connectable advertisers, each with their own identity, allowing a single device to advertise as multiple devices.

This sample has the following features:

* It uses a single physical device to emulate multiple Bluetooth advertisers.
* Each advertiser is assigned a unique identity and a corresponding random static address, ensuring they can be distinctly identified.
* Advertisers are restarted upon disconnection.

Number of advertisers
=====================

The sample sets up and starts as many advertisers as specified by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_MAX_ADV_SET` Kconfig option.
If the values specified in the configurations are not equal, additional considerations are required to ensure proper setup and restarting of each advertiser.

Creating multiple identities
============================

> The :c:func:`create_id` function configures a new identity by passing an identity value within the range ``0`` to the value set in the :ref:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX <CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX >` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 3: I guess this change will fix the doc build failure
```suggestion
The :c:func:`create_id` function configures a new identity by passing an identity value within the range ``0`` to the value set in the :ref:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX <CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX>` Kconfig option.
```

The identities are created using the :c:func:`bt_id_create` API, where both arguments are set to ``NULL``.
This generates a new random static address and a random IRK for the identity.

> Alternatively, a specific address and IRK values can be passed to customize the identity's configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can pass a specific address and IRK values to customize the identity's configuration.
```

> Setup and initializing advertisers
> ==================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting up and initializing advertisers
=======================================
```

> Each advertiser is set up as a **connectable legacy advertiser** with a long advertising interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each advertiser is set up as a *connectable legacy advertiser* with a long advertising interval.
```

> These values can be tailored to specific use cases through the structure :c:struct:`bt_le_adv_param`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adjust these values to specific use cases using the :c:struct:`bt_le_adv_param` structure.
```

Set the :c:member:`bt_le_adv_param.id` field to assign a given identity to an advertiser.

The extended advertising version of the API is used as it supports multiple advertising instances and sets.

> These instances are stored in an array where the advertisers identity serves as the index, to simplify the retrieval and management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instances are stored in an array where the advertiser's identity serves as the index, to simplify the retrieval and management.
```

> A unique name is generated for each advertiser combining :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME` with its identity and this is set by the :c:func:`bt_le_ext_adv_set_data` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A unique name is generated for each advertiser combining :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME` with its identity.
This is set by using the :c:func:`bt_le_ext_adv_set_data` function.
```

Starting an advertiser
======================

> A work item is then initialized for each advertiser to ensure tasks are executed independently, preventing race conditions and avoiding blocking within callback functions.
> Each advertiser's work item can then be submitted to the work queue, where it is started using the :c:func:`bt_le_ext_adv_start()` API.
> By default, this API does not attempt to resume connectable advertising after a connection is established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A work item is initialized for each advertiser to ensure that tasks are executed independently, preventing race conditions and avoiding blocking within callback functions.
Each advertiser's work item is submitted to the work queue, where it is started using the :c:func:`bt_le_ext_adv_start` function.
By default, this function does not attempt to resume connectable advertising after a connection is established.
```

Connection callbacks
====================

> After the initial set up of each advertiser, the sample continues to execute asynchronously using callbacks to define its behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the initial setup of each advertiser, the sample continues to execute asynchronously using callbacks to define its behavior.
```

The sample uses the following two connection callbacks (see the :c:struct:`bt_conn_cb` structure):

* Connected callback - When a connection is established, the sample prints the central's address.
* Disconnected callback - When a disconnection occurs, the central's address is printed along with the advertiser that was disconnected.

>   The identity associated with the connection is retrieved by calling :c:func:`bt_conn_get_info()` to obtain :c:member:`bt_conn_info.id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The identity associated with the connection is retrieved by calling the :c:func:`bt_conn_get_info` function to obtain :c:member:`bt_conn_info.id`.
```

>   The work item (advertiser) associated with this identity is then submitted to the work queue to restart the advertiser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The work item (advertiser) associated with this identity is submitted to the work queue to restart the advertiser.
```

  The identity is used as the index to retrieve the associated advertiser from the array.

Extending the sample
====================

You can also add the following features to this sample:

* Increase the number of advertisers - Modify the configuration options listed above to support more advertisers.

> * Customize individual advertisers - :c:struct:`advertiser_info` can be extended to customize advertising parameters, advertising data, and a name for each advertiser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Customize individual advertisers - Extend the :c:struct:`advertiser_info` structure to customize advertising parameters, advertising data, and a name for each advertiser.
```

* Custom advertising data - The advertising data can easily be customized to include additional information, in addition to supporting scan responses.
* Reuse identities for multiple advertisers - Once all identities have been initialized, the sample supports reuse for other advertisers.
* Advanced features - The sample can be extended to implement other Bluetooth features or used in conjunction with other samples.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

Check and configure the following Kconfig options:

> :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX`
>    This configuration defines how many identities will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX` defines how many identities will be used.
```
And so on...

:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MAX_CONN`
   This configuration defines how many connections can be established.
   The sample expects this configuration to be set to the same value as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX`.

:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_MAX_ADV_SET`
   This configuration defines the maximum number of advertising sets available.
   The sample expects this configuration to be set to the same value as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX`.

:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME`

>    This configuration defines the base name given to each advertiser.

Author: Is it not necessary to highlight that with the first 3 options we expect them to be the same value?

>    This configuration defines the base name given to each advertiser.

Reviewer: Whoops, my bad. Just keep it as it was, just maybe with bullets.

************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Overview
********

Each Bluetooth device is identified by its identity address.
When a peripheral is advertising, it uses this identity address or generates an address from this address using an identity resolving key (IRK).
The sample application starts multiple connectable advertisers, each with their own identity, allowing a single device to advertise as multiple devices.

This sample has the following features:

* It uses a single physical device to emulate multiple Bluetooth advertisers.
* Each advertiser is assigned a unique identity and a corresponding random static address, ensuring they can be distinctly identified.
* Advertisers are restarted upon disconnection.

Number of advertisers
=====================

The sample sets up and starts as many advertisers as specified by the :ref:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_MAX_ADV_SET <CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_MAX_ADV_SET >` Kconfig option.
If the values specified in the configurations are not equal, additional considerations are required to ensure proper setup and restarting of each advertiser.

Creating multiple identities
============================

> The :c:func:`create_id` function to configure a new identity by passing an identity value within the range 0 to :ref:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX <CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX >`.
> * The identities are created using the :c:func:`bt_id_create` API, where both arguements are set to NULL.
>   this generates a new random static address and a random identity resolving key (IRK) for the identity.
> * Alternatively, a specific address and IRK values can be passed to customize the identity's configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :c:func:`create_id` function configures a new identity by passing an identity value within the range ``0`` to the value set in the :ref:`CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX <CONFIG_BT_ID_MAX >` Kconfig option.

The identities are created using the :c:func:`bt_id_create` API, where both arguments are set to ``NULL``.
This generates a new random static address and a random IRK for the identity.
Alternatively, a specific address and IRK values can be passed to customize the identity's configuration.
```
I think bullets are not required in this case.

Setup and initializing advertisers
==================================

> Each advertiser is set up as a **connectable legacy advertiser** with a long advertisering interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each advertiser is set up as a **connectable legacy advertiser** with a long advertising interval.
```

These values can be tailored to specific use cases through the structure :c:struct:`bt_le_adv_param`.

> * Set the :c:member:`bt_le_adv_param.id` field to assign a given identity to an advertiser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the :c:member:`bt_le_adv_param.id` field to assign a given identity to an advertiser.
```

The extended advertising version of the API is used as it supports multiple advertising instances and sets.
These instances are stored in an array where the advertisers identity serves as the index, to simplify the retrieval and management.  
A unique name is generated for each advertiser combining :ref:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME <CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME>` with its identity and this is set by the :c:func:`bt_le_ext_adv_set_data` API.

Starting an advertiser
======================

A work item is then initialized for each advertiser to ensure tasks are executed independently, preventing race conditions and avoiding blocking within callback functions.
Each advertiser's work item can then be submitted to the work queue, where it is started using the :c:func:`bt_le_ext_adv_start()` API. 
By default, this API does not attempt to resume connectable advertising after a connection is established. 

Connection callbacks
====================

After the initial set up of each advertiser, the sample continues to execute asynchronously using callbacks to define its behavior.
The sample uses the following two connection callbacks (see the :c:struct:`bt_conn_cb` structure):

> * **Connected callback:** When a connection is established the sample prints the central's address. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Connected callback - When a connection is established, the sample prints the central's address. 
```
I think this need not be made bold.

> * **Disconnected callback:** When a disconnection occurs, the central's address is printed along with the advertiser that was disconnected.
>    The identity associated with the connection is retrieved by calling :c:func:`bt_conn_get_info()` to obtain :c:member:`bt_conn_info.id`.
>    The work item (advertiser) associated with this identity is then submitted to the work queue to restart the advertiser.
>    The identity is used as the index to retrieve the associated advertiser from the array. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Disconnected callback - When a disconnection occurs, the central's address is printed along with the advertiser that was disconnected.
  The identity associated with the connection is retrieved by calling :c:func:`bt_conn_get_info()` to obtain :c:member:`bt_conn_info.id`.
  The work item (advertiser) associated with this identity is then submitted to the work queue to restart the advertiser.
  The identity is used as the index to retrieve the associated advertiser from the array.
```

Extending the sample
====================

> To get more out of this sample you can add some features as listed below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also add the following features to this sample:
```

> #. **Increase the number of advertisers:** Modify the configuration options listed above to support more advertisers.
> #. **Customise individual advertisers:** :c:struct:`advertiser_info` can be extended to customise advertising parameters, advertising data and name for each advertiser.
> #. **Custom advertising data:** The advertising data can easily be customised to include additional information, in addition to supporting scan responses.
> #. **Reuse identities for multiple advertisers:** Once all identities have been initialized the sample supports reuse for other advertisers.
> #. **Advanced features:** The sample can be extended to implement other Bluetooth features or used in conjunction with other samples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Increase the number of advertisers - Modify the configuration options listed above to support more advertisers.
* Customize individual advertisers - :c:struct:`advertiser_info` can be extended to customize advertising parameters, advertising data, and a name for each advertiser.
* Custom advertising data - The advertising data can easily be customized to include additional information, in addition to supporting scan responses.
* Reuse identities for multiple advertisers - Once all identities have been initialized, the sample supports reuse for other advertisers.
* Advanced features - The sample can be extended to implement other Bluetooth features or used in conjunction with other samples.
```
I think we could avoid using bold here as well. Could you confirm this @peknis .
